I'll give it, but you have to give me two days.
I have some properties in Ping County
Still need to be sorted out
After two days
I'll give it to you when I'm sick, hahaha.
Your little lady said you couldn't save him
He's really a man of love and righteousness
I warn you.
Don't play tricks with me
shopkeeper
Are you really going to transfer the entire industry to this guy?
If I don't give it
41 is dangerous
The shopkeeper said
I say a few more words
Just a woman
No matter how beautiful it is
There are more in the world
Why would you do it for a woman?
And lose the industry you worked so hard for
You don't understand Lao Liu
You continue to rule my industry first
I'll go look for the field first
Who are you looking for?
My name is Lin Yi
I'm here to find Li Yu
So you're the one who won the gold medal
disrespect disrespect
Ouch.
Boss Lin, what method are you all here?